hey guys what's up and welcome back to
my channel by the time you guys are
watching this right now I will be on
week three of my phobic fitness
challenge but I am personally on my
second week and I'm in the beautiful
kitchen
of my parents home that they just moved
to Pittsburgh renovated this place dad
sitting over there watching me illness
and I decided I was going to do a
grocery haul for you guys to show you
how I'm eating over the holidays
along with my family how I'm budgeting
in alcohol and desserts while also still
hitting my macro as my goal as I am
tracking along here but like I said in
previous videos I've tracked for many
years so it's not a very huge lifestyle
ship for me it's just like muscle memory
right it just comes back so let me show
you what me and my dad just went and got
from the grocery store and then we're
gonna do a little bit of meal prepping
together so I like to keep my meal prep
really simple I don't get any crazy
ingredients make it really insane as you
guys can see this is it in general let's
start with the proteins
I bought some chicken breasts these are
thin sliced boneless organic chicken
breasts you can get these not thin
sliced I just didn't need as much
because my dad told me we have some
frozen chicken we can use I got some
ground turkey I got two pounds of that
really easy to make I usually get 93 7
so 93 percent lean 6% fat this one is
actually 94 6 which is basically the
same I've started eating a lot of beans
so if you guys watched my second week
check-in talked about how beans have
been a new addition to my diet I've been
eating a lot of them so I got kidney
garbanzo Canelli and black beans and
these are just really great for protein
good source of carbohydrates they're not
a high GI food they don't have a lot of
sugar and they keep you full because
they have fiber in them and fiber is a
type of carb that we do not digest and
it helps kind of bulk up your poo and
just make everything life a lot easier
you feel more satiated when you eat a
high fiber diet got some egg whites here
these are pastured eggs you can always
tell if you just look somewhere usually
on the lip under here pastured eggs are
much better because the chickens are
eating all of the nutrients that they
kind of can find out in the pasture
rather than being fed cornmeal so when
they when they do look at the nutrient
profile of egg custard versus raged like
cage free even or just free-range
they're not as nutrient dense as the
pasture of eggs got some Chobani Greek
vanilla blended yogurt this is zero fat
some carbs kind of a typical amount of
sugar probably on the lower end that you
would see in yogurts I also got like a
completely plain fahai yoghurt 0% and
then I'd we did get some regular eggs as
well which has some healthy fats in it
moving on to fats so I am NOT eating as
high-fat diet really as I have in the
past I'm still having fats there's gonna
be fats in here because let's see it
probably about yea four and a half grams
or eight grams of fat so the oatmeal
which is also my carb is gonna have a
lot of fats the egg yolks are gonna have
fats I also have some avocado I love
avocado as a source of healthy fat
because it's high in fiber so again it's
always good to get high fiber foods when
you can also be cooking with olive oil
coconut oil and that's gonna help me get
my fats up and then of course there's
fats in the turkey not so much the
chicken though and then lastly my
fibrous carbs so I always say if you're
gonna eat your carbs can eat you know
prioritize the fight the high fiber
carbs so that's gonna be like Dave's
killer bread this has a ton of fiber in
it five grams per slice that's solid I
also have some non fibrous carbs and
these are mostly to fuel my workout such
as some jam for the mornings before I
before and after I workout just some
good nutrients I have some arugula I got
broccoli I have some bananas for the
morning cooking with lemon and garlic
and onion and a pepper and we have some
tortillas just to spice up my lunches if
I get bored
my parents are cooking I'll be adding
veggies and pretty much as much as I
like I'm gonna start by chopping up an
onion garlic two
so something that I wanted to chat with
you guys about was if numbers and
tracking gives you anxiety or it's not
feeling good for you then it's not a
healthy routine it's not a healthy
system for you I recently one of my
friends was talking about this tracking
in itself can be a very powerful tool to
give you a lot of awareness about what
you're currently doing so that you can
kind of move into a place that is
healthier for you we track a lot of
things right you know we talked about
tracking calories we talked about
tracking you know macros step count but
then that's often sort of it's sort of
its looked down upon by some people but
then we tracked so many other things in
our life if you think about it we track
our bank accounts we track you know our
credit card statements like there are
lots of numbers in our lives which is
just say that numbers are useful and
it's really how we use them and our sort
of mental health around the numbers that
matters the most so that's to say that
if you want to reachable say you want to
save money how are you going to save
money if you don't have a budget right
if anyone ever wants to save money the
first thing they do is they make a
budget they figure out what their
expenses are they figure out what where
they can cut cause what they can spend
less that's sort of the same thing I do
with my clients when they first when we
first start working together as we do a
food journal we take it in inventory of
our current habits and I feel like I'm
holding this knife in it in very it's
weird as I'm talking to you guys about
this I'm not threatening I'm just
cutting it I what's really important
about numbers is our relationship with
them and numbers like the scale these
types of numbers they only have power
because we give it to them numbers
inherently are not judging you they're
not bias it's our cells that do that and
if this is something you've struggled
with in the past then it's not a healthy
habit for you and for now the answer is
don't track calories don't don't do
anything that is not a healthy routine
for you
but the sort of long answer
is that I want you guys to also be aware
that you can change your relationship
with those numbers but it's gonna take
some inner work because the numbers can
help you a lot in the long run and you
don't have to you don't have to feel
judged by them I don't track calories I
do track macros which is more of the
nuke it's more of a nutrient based way
of counting and if it has never
triggered me but when I was younger I
did feel victimized by the scale that
was always something when I was younger
that bothered me a lot definitely the
scale was not fun for me growing up I
was always trying to stay under 100 and
112 pounds I weigh 120 now for reference
the biggest benefit of tracking things
is that it just gives you an awareness
that can help change your routine help
you make healthier choices so for
example I do work on the computer all
day right creating content for you guys
coaching working with my team and if I
have not get up and walk I could easily
just walk like 2,000 steps per day and
that's not enough that's - that's
sedentary so by tracking my step count
just for a couple days I can see oh I'm
only walking 4,000 steps which means I
need to go walk and how will I know how
far to walk while I track I walk for
thirty minutes maybe I go listen to a
podcast go for a walk and I find out
that in that thirty minutes I walk five
thousand steps I never really have to
track again right because I'm like okay
I know that if I naturally walk five
thousand steps a day within my house and
the gym and then I go for a thirty
minute walk today I will have hit ten
thousand steps it's just something that
contributes to your knowledge base and
allows you to kind of change your
lifestyle so that's an example of how
you can start with numbers and then move
away from numbers and let it sort of
empower you to make better choices about
your daily life so what I like to do for
cooking oil is I'll just take a little
bit of oil pour it in the pan and then
I'm gonna take a paper towel and just
cover the entirety of the pan just
because you don't need to cook with that
much oil you can also get a nice dough
you can get
so and it will spritz your pan with oil
instead of just like free pouring tons
of oil okay so I'm just heating up the
pan okay so the pin is a little toasty
so I'm gonna put a bunch of the coming
out all the onion save some for the
chicken put some of the onion in I'll
probably use all the garlic I like a
really garlicky seasoned meat and then
I'm gonna let it sit in here until the
onions turn clear so we have any black
spice blends okay so normally when I'm
in my own kitchen I cook with like I
have the all these spice blends and I
just rotate them just for simplicity
sake because I'm not a good chef I just
kind of we do our best
um but I have my parrot thoughts and I
have mixed things so I'm gonna use this
thing called Oh Old Bay seasoning which
is just a spice blend
so I'm putting turkey in and now I'm
just gonna break it up and brown all the
turkey until it's like browned and it's
cooked all the way through
okay so just put it in a Tupperware for
the week and next I'm gonna cook the
chicken pan is still hot so I'm gonna
put the onions on it and garlic on it
and it'll heat up really quick the
onions it's still got like some oil in
it from and also some fat the turkey fat
so I'm gonna add a you know additional
will or anything cuz I come on a cooking
show this one just kidding am adding old
Ted bit of oil sexy it's a little dry on
one area
actually it's marriage I I lied I'm not
gonna add a you know additional will or
anything okay so I'm gonna take the
chicken we're gonna rinse it and then
cut it into strips so now I have some
tongs and I'm just flipping a chicken
after like I don't know three or four
minutes okay so that's it if I wasn't
filmed filming this would literally take
me like 15 minutes to do so that's
already makes life really easy now I'm
just gonna take some cans of beans and
drain them and put them in the just put
them in container so that they're easy
and easy to grab throughout and this
just makes it so that throughout the
week it's just a lot easier you could
just go into your fridge and you have
foods already available for you and
another thing you could do if you don't
like prepping your meals in the morning
like putting them in containers you
could just put the food into its
individual containers for the day but
because they were from home like I have
no problem just taking a large container
of meat and importunate out what I need
at that time but you could put it into
individual containers that would make
your life easier oops
hello so this is really all I do for
meal prep it's really easy I don't make
a huge fuss out of it it doesn't take
that much time and everything else that
I'm gonna eat is pretty much like
grab-and-go unless I'm cooking some egg
whites or something beans are pretty
much grab-and-go
vegetables I can just steam in the bag
in the microwave or I can cook them I
don't spend like hours roasting
vegetables each week even though that
would be great sometimes do not know
about time so I hope you guys enjoyed
this grocery haul and how I and meal
prep some essentials let me know in the
comments if you want to see any
particular recipes you have any
questions about this grocery haul in New
York I was also gonna say my groceries
cost me on average about 110 dollars a
week um here in Pittsburgh it was
probably cheaper just because New York
is crazy like that but yeah let me know
what you guys think
and I hope you have a beautiful
wonderful powerful day and remember to
subscribe to small just for for more
content tailored to petite women and
give us a like if you enjoyed it or you
learn something new and I will see you
guys next week
[Music]